today we're going to do defending the
wyrmrest temple daily quests a lot of
people don't notice but there is an
achievement that you can get for doing
this quest to find it click on your
achievement tab then click quest tab and
select wrath of the lich king and scroll
down you'll find an achievement called
rapid defense and if you click track on
it you'll be able to track it on the
right hand side here so the moment I
accept this quest a timer will appear
the timer indicates that you have to
complete this quest within two minutes
to gain the achievement so you can't
have much time to waste once you accept
the quest quickly get on the mountain
and once on your mount quickly press the
ability number four to speed through to
the dragon shrine and usability number
five to complete one of the tasks and
the next thing you should focus on is
killing the shore drag which is the
smaller lead dragons to kill these
smaller ones all you need to do is just
use one MLA and the fireball certain way
that you can forget about them because
they will die from the Emily do t
usually I'd like to kill these guys too
at the same time at least and emily is
about a 10 second cooldown so what you
can do is you car simulate and a
fireball or one of them and cast two
fireballs on the Edit on the other one
animal
and by that time your amyloid should be
back on cooldown and remember you can
cast your fireball while moving so try
to move towards the temple towards the
end as you kill these bigger ones the
bigger one tends to lurk around the
temple credited and dragon shrine so so
as I'm killing these bigger ones are
moving towards the temple first aren't
any to left
these big ones they take about one
number late and free fireball to
conditionally kill them don't move too
fast because sometimes if you move too
fast you don't get the actual kill for
ad screwing you out completely this is a
hard achievement it took me about 10
tries to actually do this record this
video for you if you failed achievement
dis abandon the quest and start again so
you can do this in one day